Define dependency to scala files in using directives (#1157)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/run.md

(New JVM versions are automatically checked daily, and updates for those are - manually - merged
swiftly.)

## Define source files in using directives

> You can also add sources files with using directive `//> using file`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add source files with the using directive `//> using file`:
```

```scala title=Main.scala
//> using file "Utils.scala" 

object Main extends App {
   println(Utils.message)
}
```
```scala title=Utils.scala
object Utils {
  val message = "Hello World"
}
```

`scala-cli` compiles and adds to the class path source `Utils.scala`

```bash
scala-cli Main.scala
```

<!-- Expected:
Hello World
-->

> It is also possible to pass multiple paths to source files in one using directive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to pass multiple paths to source files in a single using directive:
```

 ```
 //> using files "Utils.scala" "Helper.scala"
 ```

>  Note that `//> using file` using directive supports only `Java`, `Scala`, `ScalaScripts` files or directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Note that the `//> using file` using directive only supports `.java`, `.scala`, `.sc` files or a directory. 
```
